feat(apps): add support for velero (#767)
camptocamp/devops-stack: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/explanations/data_persistence.adoc

achieve data persistence outside of the cluster
(using external RDBMS, NoSQL databases, or object storage).

= synchronizing

> In order to keep the cluster stateless, we will introduce a tool to synchronize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to keep the cluster stateless, we use a tool to synchronize
```
